Add mentorship section to template + editor guide (#644)
ropensci/dev_guide: templates/request.md

Be respectful and kind! 
See our reviewers guide and [code of conduct](https://ropensci.org/code-of-conduct/) for more.

[IF MENTORSHIP REQUESTED: You indicated in your form that you'd prefer mentorship for your first review.  
You are free to use me as a resource during this process, including asking questions by email and Slack (you will receive an invite to the rOpenSci Slack), and sharing draft reviews for feedback before posting. 

> I'm also happy to have a brief Zoom call to walk through the process.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm also happy to have a brief videocall to walk through the process.  
```
